------------------------------

We collect personal data only if required to provide our products or services, fulfil our legitimate business purposes and/or comply with applicable laws and regulations. Depending on your relationship with HPE we collect and process your personal data as follows:

- HPE products and services: contact details, login credentials and interactions with our digital assets and content, for the following main purposes: account creation and management; entering into and performing agreements with you or your organisation; providing support and tools to activate licenses and request support; managing and fulfilling orders; deploying and delivering products and services; conducting quality controls; managing returns of defective media; operating and providing access to customer portals, hosted management services and mobile applications; consulting; notifications of contract expiry and renewal options; developing and improving our products and services and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements.
- HPE Financial Services: contact details, records of good standing and other information as may be relevant (e.g. information from publicly available resources) for the following main purposes: providing lease, loan and other financial services; conducting anti-money laundering and other regulatory checks; initiating credit approval process and facilitating the purchase and resale of equipment.
- Sales and marketing: contact details, identification information, information required to purchase our products and services online, profile, role and preferences, login credentials, digital activity information and other information as may be relevant (e.g. information from publicly available sources) for the following main purposes: sales and marketing; advertising; creating and delivering targeted adverts and offers; conducting marketing campaigns; managing contacts and preferences; generating leads and opportunities; managing lead generation activities; sales engagement activities; organizing and managing events, webinars, virtual meetings; and engaging in social media interactions.
- Online Data Collection Tools: digital activity information for the following main purposes: enabling efficient use of our websites, mobile applications, products and services; collecting statistics to optimise the functionality of our websites , mobile applications, products and services; improving user experience and delivering content tailored to their interests; and improving marketing and advertising campaigns.
- Online forums and surveys: contact details, login credentials, comments and feedback for the following main purposes: engaging with partners and suppliers in online forums; conducting customer satisfaction and engagement surveys.
- Partner and supplier programs: contact details for the following main purposes: managing relations with partners and suppliers; engaging and delivering products and services to customers in which case we may receive personal data directly from you or from our partners.
Training and education: contact details for the main purpose of conducting trainings and managing education programs for customers, partners and suppliers.
Due diligence screening: contact details and other information as may be relevant (e.g. information from publicly available sources) for the following main purposes: conducting anti-corruption due diligence on third parties and conducting required investigations, in compliance with applicable laws.
- Brand-protection programs: contact details, login credentials and other relevant information (e.g. information from publicly available sources) for the main purpose of conducting investigations into HPE product-related fraud, compliance, grey marketing, theft and/or counterfeit.
- Security and authentication: contact details, identification information and CCTV footage for the following main purposes: ensuring safety and security of HPE staff and premises; login credentials, protecting HPE’s network and other digital assets; providing access to restricted areas and information assets and protecting personal data from unauthorised access.
- Whistleblowing: contact details and information about alleged misconducts for the main purpose of detecting, preventing and investigating misconduct by HPE staff, customers, partners and suppliers.
- Enquiries and complaints: contact details and information included in enquires and complaints for the main purpose of addressing and resolving enquiries and complaints.
- Recruitment: contact details for the purpose of sending job alert subscriptions managed by HPE or our recruitment partners; contact details and information made publicly available on professional social networks such as LinkedIn for the purpose of identifying and contacting potential job candidates.For information regarding personal data processed in connection with a job application or job offer, please refer to our Recruitment Notice.

Non-HPE web sites and social media features. HPE sites or services may provide links to third-party applications, products, services or websites for your convenience or information. We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with HPE on various social media sites. HPE does not control third party sites or their privacy practices and we do not endorse or make any representations about third party sites. The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected or shared by these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal data.
